sorry I said it's the best things you
know how much I love you don't you
[Music]
the hell are you
[Applause]
I'm a fan of yours the CEO will beat up
two prostitutes but then got acquitted
in court yesterday
I'm transferring 20% of your cash for
those two girls
I'm coming down to security the rest I'm
transferring to your wife account number
don't what take your child and leave he
won't hurt you again mr. Chan has bank
called your company for years isn't this
his wife rich we try to contact your
wife again or if anything unexpected
should happen to her this video will be
sent to
[Music]
are you not this parcel actor the right
or wrong
the girl who hurts mention who hurt me
I could never figure it out
why did you help everyone but me
contact I'm here
why is it this but why is it spiders
don't get stuck in the wrong webs
you